README.md, before:

# Become a Software Professional 2023

## How to clone this project in your PC

In order to clone this repository, first of all, you have to download git. Then, you have to create an empty folder in a directory of your PC, right click in the blank space, git bash and then type "git clone URL" without the quotation marks and ¡uala! the repository will be already in your new folder.

## Week 01

I've done the design of the Landing Page in Figma with my teammate Araceli Fernandez. Figma is a web application to make design projects and store them on the cloud (online server).

## Week 02

This project is the structure of the Landing Page made on figma of the previous week (Week 01) on HTML (HyperText Markup Language).

## Week 03

This project is a "Pixel perfect" of the HTML from the previous week (Week 02) with styles added with CSS (Cascading Style Sheets). The resolution used was 1920x1080 and everything works fine on that resolution, but if you change it into another, you'll have some problems on the layout, that will change in the next week, when we get into responsive designs.

## Week 04

This project in Week 04 is a "Responsive design" of the Week 02 HTML using Flexbox CSS. Previously, we've done the design of the HTML but only for one resolution. Now, with this project, we are able to handle the layout on every device we want, because flexbox properties allow us to do that. In order to visualize this work, you only has to click the following link, it will redirects to the html file - Week 04.

- https://ignaciogalceran.github.io/BaSP-M2023/Week-04/

## Authors

- Ignacio Galcerán.

Commit message:

BaSP-W05-2023: ex01-variables and operators

README.md, after:

# Become a Software Professional 2023

## How to clone this project in your PC

In order to clone this repository, first of all, you have to download git. Then, you have to create an empty folder in a directory of your PC, right click in the blank space, git bash and then type "git clone URL" without the quotation marks and ¡uala! the repository will be already in your new folder.

## Week 01

I've done the design of the Landing Page in Figma with my teammate Araceli Fernandez. Figma is a web application to make design projects and store them on the cloud (online server).

## Week 02

This project is the structure of the Landing Page made on figma of the previous week (Week 01) on HTML (HyperText Markup Language).

## Week 03

This project is a "Pixel perfect" of the HTML from the previous week (Week 02) with styles added with CSS (Cascading Style Sheets). The resolution used was 1920x1080 and everything works fine on that resolution, but if you change it into another, you'll have some problems on the layout, that will change in the next week, when we get into responsive designs.

## Week 04

This project in Week 04 is a "Responsive design" of the Week 02 HTML using Flexbox CSS. Previously, we've done the design of the HTML but only for one resolution. Now, with this project, we are able to handle the layout on every device we want, because flexbox properties allow us to do that.

- In order to visualize this work, you only has to click the following link, it will redirects to the HTML file - Week 04:
  - https://ignaciogalceran.github.io/BaSP-M2023/Week-04/

## Week 05

This Week 05 we'll learn how to work with Javascript by doing 6 types of exercises and showing their respectives results
in the browser console and alerts in the HTML file.

- We'll be learning the following topics:
  - variables and operators
  - strings
  - arrays
  - if-else
  - for
  - functions

##

- In order to visualize this project, you only has to click the following link, it wills redirects to the HTML file - Week 05:
  - https://ignaciogalceran.github.io/BaSP-M2023/Week-05/

## Authors

- Ignacio Galcerán.
